Adding important community links to contributor page (#709)
kubevirt/user-guide: docs/contributing.md

For code contributors:

* You need to be familiar with writing code in golang.  See the [golang tour](https://tour.golang.org/welcome/1) to familiarize yourself.

> * Read the Developer [contribution page](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and the [getting started page](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt/blob/main/docs/getting-started.md) for the kubevirt/kubevirt repo.
> * Alternatively, to get started on a smaller repo in the KubeVirt organization, check out the [kubevirt/containerized-data-importer](https://github.com/kubevirt/containerized-data-importer/tree/main) (CDI) repo, and their [contribution page](https://github.com/kubevirt/containerized-data-importer/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To contribute to the core of the project, read the Developer [contribution page](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and the [getting started page](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt/blob/main/docs/getting-started.md) in the kubevirt/kubevirt repo.
* Alternatively, to contribute to its storage management add-on, check out the [kubevirt/containerized-data-importer](https://github.com/kubevirt/containerized-data-importer/tree/main) (CDI) repo, and their [contribution page](https://github.com/kubevirt/containerized-data-importer/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
